like every month we find that
to threaten daniel riolo in the fifa club
xiii ultimate team
today the two journalists
sportsmen receive gates an active member
of our fall forum who has the privilege
to introduce his team to our two
critical critics well
known gaëtan will be able to justify his choices
during a meeting online stone
menes will also take the joystick to
see what our guest's team has
in the stomach
so I'm here to introduce my
own team and my choices
it's going to be fun because it's
specialists they go I think I
teasing me tacler asked me why
there are old ones why there are some
young but I am very confident my
team and I want to prove to them that the
fifa it's me the best so it's in
full confidence and with the smile that
Gates joined Pierre Menes and Daniel
riolo while there is a vacuum
no i came with my ryffel team
this job introduce you to that where we
rolls through a bit and did
few weeks stone made his life
plays italian argentins it's italy
argentina italy argentina a little
cocktail serving nations wade
represented
it's good it's good it's good
a priori just to see the little ones
flags that seduces me is foolish in the
goals 2
but of the same family, of which little
against me right
abate at home I'm here but it's
especially to fit the game
yes very well my job you go the heart
if you talk to him about adaptation but he
is working a defense where this is the
stubborn bini touch of your wolters team to
95 by the room 84 it's not that gives
these polls
No, it's the nature we want
strong solid defenders who
take bilateral quick samuel him
would envy his solex then then to
full time who is this man
oh yes that's it then who knows it's
a salute to the deficiencies of which we are proud
years said delighted with the origin of a
jewel in russia t-mobile huawei grass
was a fishery or in the shower
why this guy down there because it's
one of the only leftist defenders
Argentinian of the game that was worth it had
said the lady well with argentine keira I
had told him the last 15 games to
the one before that she had tried
to train not put the life that must
adapt that is good unheard of strength that
is worth cambiasso April it continues the
retirement home the day the side one
little vintage ronaldo yeah yeah
so the other is that they make sure
by erik lamela fine was
installed well it's exceptional these
little players who will play their going very
well a little bit especially note that in the
game it has five stars in technical gesture
on board who said I love games
he is able to do any
chief it is true that I am present this
middle right of the team jean paul to his
right has never played someone
who has the hand in his team otherwise you
will support you
then 28 years and a half but so miracle
finally a real Argentine player is
argentine falls well it's true that one
talk about wages but long enough
fire I was talking about line in 2010 but I
also keep me away why do not you have
taken justified justified justifies
what was needed at all costs a player
who are returning in this way of
the donating team he was going with the soul there
it's true but there with messi but
do not go with pirlo because they
do not play in the same championship they
are not at the same time the featured life
jacques galaup we place it
the interest that tests me that if I
take pleasure in having happiness
of a witness in tv is the
happiness to have the envy it's a match
online so finally if the most of
bronze players for a prejudiced tone
team you have to win it easily
I give you thirty seconds for the
first goal president how to compare
quiches team and a tractor
shabby he'll score on a proto this
affection like that happens only if there is
had a team there host a summit
as zeeland we do not even know who it is
we look away but she is in charge
you know everything is filmed the coast and the
model in the eyes since three
this card's encounters with eva joly
occupies very well what is thought here
but a little better the Basel the visit in
situ is involved in the 4-4-2 buy out
and spaces on the sides on the
docks how he is the level of the match
do not look too bad non saudiens
have younger and not very players
loudly tell me that I'm smoking it's
that the thing that will is good that small
overflow on the left side this is
paula the intervention of the deficit of
Germany with prunes their so-called
oh yes I was scared we were friends so of
world where you were still one everywhere the
estimated blades even night plans there
it's where messi or more often not even
so obviously with milito in support and
now that in twenty thousand and from time to
little left foot they all
moved according to the ball it's
now or never that he is it
thanks to the collective not because if we have
a bad collective actually in this
match but tim the players do not follow
not necessarily the body of water you go
that's where we're going to laugh we're good
talent vidal stone and its beats
that the cargo ships do this is the
difference is where we want but if
it's playing with stone do not know if he's going
take your team but finally
the opening and the little fly there
something is gone after andy that
I do not play collective hook what gives
a little bit I would like sped up with
this one but hey it's okay it's
no matter why I'm going to invite
the best face to face and him no she
actually left you too strong for him
in conclusion my team is well
stone yeah but if that's fine with me but
on a pass from there but here it is
melee
I showed my piano team daniel
good me I was expecting a gentleman
did anyway cleat I saw some
small mentions pretty well from
daniel it's a pleasure
after with the pressure in the level of
game I had trouble it's true that stone
did better than me with my
team but I'm going to be spoofed
wear my buddies by the forum moc but
also by my football club there and cg if
it was to start again tomorrow I
would do without hesitation